README.md, before:

# Tactician Command Events

[![Author](http://img.shields.io/badge/author-@sagikazarmark-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://twitter.com/sagikazarmark)
[![Latest Version](https://img.shields.io/github/release/thephpleague/tactician-command-events.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/thephpleague/tactician-command-events/releases)
[![Software License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](LICENSE)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/thephpleague/tactician-command-events.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/thephpleague/tactician-command-events)
[![Code Coverage](https://img.shields.io/scrutinizer/coverage/g/thephpleague/tactician-command-events.svg?style=flat-square)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/thephpleague/tactician-command-events)
[![Quality Score](https://img.shields.io/scrutinizer/g/thephpleague/tactician-command-events.svg?style=flat-square)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/thephpleague/tactician-command-events)
[![HHVM Status](https://img.shields.io/hhvm/league/tactician-command-events.svg?style=flat-square)](http://hhvm.h4cc.de/package/league/tactician-command-events)
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/league/tactician-command-events.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/league/tactician-command-events)


## Install

Via Composer

``` bash
$ composer require league/tactician-command-events
```


## Usage

Documentation is available on the [official website](http://tactician.thephpleague.com/plugins/command-events/).


## Testing

``` bash
$ ./vendor/bin/phpspec run
```


## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.


## Credits

- [Ross Tuck](https://github.com/rosstuck)
- [Márk Sági-Kazár](https://github.com/sagikazarmark)
- [All Contributors](https://github.com/thephpleague/tactician-command-events/contributors)


## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE) for more information.

Commit message:

Add security info to README

README.md, after:

# Tactician Command Events

[![Author](http://img.shields.io/badge/author-@sagikazarmark-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://twitter.com/sagikazarmark)
[![Latest Version](https://img.shields.io/github/release/thephpleague/tactician-command-events.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/thephpleague/tactician-command-events/releases)
[![Software License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](LICENSE)
[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/thephpleague/tactician-command-events.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/thephpleague/tactician-command-events)
[![Code Coverage](https://img.shields.io/scrutinizer/coverage/g/thephpleague/tactician-command-events.svg?style=flat-square)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/thephpleague/tactician-command-events)
[![Quality Score](https://img.shields.io/scrutinizer/g/thephpleague/tactician-command-events.svg?style=flat-square)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/thephpleague/tactician-command-events)
[![HHVM Status](https://img.shields.io/hhvm/league/tactician-command-events.svg?style=flat-square)](http://hhvm.h4cc.de/package/league/tactician-command-events)
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/league/tactician-command-events.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/league/tactician-command-events)


## Install

Via Composer

``` bash
$ composer require league/tactician-command-events
```


## Usage

Documentation is available on the [official website](http://tactician.thephpleague.com/plugins/command-events/).


## Testing

``` bash
$ ./vendor/bin/phpspec run
```

## Security
Disclosure information can be found on [the main Tactician repo](https://github.com/thephpleague/tactician#security).

## Contributing

Please see [CONTRIBUTING](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details.


## Credits

- [Ross Tuck](https://github.com/rosstuck)
- [Márk Sági-Kazár](https://github.com/sagikazarmark)
- [All Contributors](https://github.com/thephpleague/tactician-command-events/contributors)


## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE) for more information.
